---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Final Project Idea"
date: 2017-10-19
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Meteor
---

<h2>Overview (including “The problem” and “The solution”)</h2>
It can be difficult to fit a consistent fitness routine into an already packed college student schedule. Many people are intimidated by the idea of going to the gym to work-out. Also, the hours of the gym on campus sometimes don't work out for a variety of schedules. It would be convenient to have a centralized platform on which people can post ideas for flexible and personalized fitness routines, things such as yoga etc. that can be done in one's dorm room, or somewhere private.

<h2>Mockup page ideas</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Landing page</li>
  <li>User home page with personalized work-out routines</li>
  <li>Admin home page (maybe?)</li>
  <li>User profile page. Optional if you want to share your fitness ideas</li>
  <li>Page that allows users to browse through different work-outs (courses etc.?)</li>
  <li>Account creation page, inserting personal info, select fitness goals?</li>
</ul>

<h2>Use case ideas</h2>
<ul>
  <li>New user goes to Landing page, creates new account, choosing fitness goals along the way</li>
  <li>User is then brought to their home page with a list of suggested work-out routines</li>
  <li>If the user is not happy with the suggestions generated by the system, they can go to the browsing page</li>
  <li>If the user wants to share/contribute their own work out ideas, they can set up a public profile page to do so</li>
</ul>

<h2>Beyond the basics</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Implementing social networking features, having a friends list, comparing fitness stats etc.</li>
  <li>Facilitate the organization of public fitness classes/workshops, work-out sessions etc.</li>
  <li>Linking to a GPS/maps api to allow users to share work-out locations?</li>
</ul>
